This email is from the person that sent me the manual images. I later combined them all into a pdf. These are his troubleshooting notes after working around the machines for several years and being tech support. (7/15/2010)

From Tim
I'll attach the manual files separately, let me know if you get them.The collection of images I have is about 20 megs. It includes wiring diagrams/colors and some schematics for *most* of the internal boards,except for the spindle motor driver card. The wiring colors are not 100% accurate.

Much of the manual deals with the original OZO software, which wasn't really relevant for my needs, so I didn't scan/photo all that stuff when I had the chance. I think the only points worth having from the software/setup part are:

Spindle speed: 5000 to 50,000 RPM. This corresponds to a 50 ~ 500Hz squarewave (50% duty cycle) on the spindle freq. line from the PC. Sounds like you solved it by tying directly into the voltage control onboard before scrapping the spindles, but I managed to replicate the squarewave control in EMC by setting the spindle up as a velocity-controlled stepper motor using stepgen and a step_type of 2 (quadrature). Their spindles really are intended for lighter duty stuff - the manual mostly talks about stuff like PCB depaneling and mechanical etch. They'll really haul ass through some FR-4, but I think you've got the right idea saving it for precision work.

Air supply: a troubleshooting section mentions to make sure 70PSI is available at the pneumatic collet...although our production ones are at 90 and I could swear I read 90PSI *somewhere*. Need to doublecheck this, although ours have run at 90PSI for probably the last decade without incident.

Maximum X/Y speed: They recommended 120IPM. I think for Z it was 175, but this seems pretty high.

Zeroing sequence: The original software brings each axis toward home until the optical switch trips (high -> low transition), then continues (slowly?) until the next INDEX pulse from the encoder wheel. Probably only matters if you have table jigs designed for use with the original software.


You're right that the official machines use a proprietary I/O card, not the parallel port. Originally this was the 'John Bell Card', named after the guy, presumably at Ozo, who designed it. A real piece of work - it includes a giant ISA logic board with some kind of hand-soldered perfboard circuit piggybacked on, and a pigtail for connecting to the PC_SPEAKER connector on your (286-486) motherboard to drive the spindle. Later they changed to what I assume is a commercially available motion card called StepperIO. Just in the last few days I got one of our spare machines fully working on EMC2 using a little breakout board I made to connect 2 parallel ports to the Ozo's
cable.

Finally - the machines we have at work have been pretty dependable given their age, but I've had to do a few electrical repairs to them over some years (this is what happens when your co-workers figure out you are familiar with them!). I don't know about mechanical repairs - if there have been any, the mechies have handled it themselves nd I haven't heard about it. This is over 2 full-time production machines and bringing 2 junk/parts machines back to life. Assuming these might be the 'weak points' in the design, you might at some point run into
similar issues. Things I've replaced:

On the control logic board: components Q5 and D4 (transistor and diode leading up to the solenoid out signal), on 2 separate boards.

Anaheim Automation stepper drives (large blue/black box): 2x. In both cases the cooling fan had seized, causing the electronics to sizzle sometime later. Replacing these fans whether-needed-or-not might be good cheap preventative maintenance.

Terminal blocks on Anaheim box: 1x. Worn-out pins causing intermittent failures / jittering-around of an axis motor.

Axis motor: 1x (discontinued; replaced it with a Keling motor with similar specs)

Optical home switches and associated connector: At least 2-3x (I've lost count). Over time the plastic degrades and begins to crack /crumble away.

Hope this helps! I'd be interested to read more about your more recent projects if/when you post about them. Now that I've got the EMC stuff sorted, I should update my own with the conf files and lessons learned
to date.

Tim